Don't kill me, don't kill me, don't kill me.
It's okay, don't be afraid, you're safe now.
We will give you some money.
Then come back to life.
Can you tell me
It's going to snow.
Really?
I said I said it was Trieu Van Kiet.
He led me to a black mustache.
Then I smelled a very fragrant scent.
I fainted.
You remember, next is for you, no problem.
What's up?
Why does Wang Junrong know it's me?
I don't know either.
She doesn't know this, only she and I know.
So Zhang Xudong and Wang Junrong became friends.
How could I betray you to anger the King?
Zhang Xudong
Yes, that's what this boy says.
I will trust you again.
You will arrive at Yen Kinh Bay now.
Truong Huc Dong and this Tham family must be destroyed.